Here are some ideas that I have for a capstone project:  
  
Idea 1: How do data science job postings cluster?  
  
It seems to me that within the data science community there is a feeling that data science/data scientists tend to fall into distinct cluster (for example the [data science venn diagram](http://drewconway.com/zia/2013/3/26/the-data-science-venn-diagram)). My idea is to see if this intution can be confirmed using jobs ads for data scientists scraped from an online job board (e.g. Indeed.com or similar). Do jobs ads suggest a natural clustering of data scientists? What features are most strongly associated with the different types of ads? After initially attemtping to cluster ads, this analysis could be extended in several ways, for example by looking at geographical variation in clustering or by attempting to project other documents (such as resumes) into the data from jobs ads.  
  
Idea 2: What types of genomic data are most predictive of cancer outcomes?  
  
My background is in cancer genomics. This idea is meant to leverage that background. The idea would be to use supervised learning teachniques to predict clinical outcomes for cancer patients (e.g. survival or drug response) using molecular data (e.g. mutation data, gene expression etc.). This would involve intergrating several publically available datasets to collect a dataset that has all the nesseary features for the same inidviduals. To take the idea beyond simply developing models, the main focus would be to discern which groups of features are most important. Genomic data can be naturally grouped in several ways (e.g. known cancer genes vs other genes, small mutation data vs copy number data vs methylation data, and so on). Having an idea of which groups of features are most strongly predictive coulld be relevant in practical applications. As an example, whole genome seqencing is expensive. If most of the information on outcomes could be derived from a subset of the genome, cheaper method might be an option. On the other hand, if the information is spread out across many features, that might justifiy the costs of focusing on whole genomes.  
  
Idea 3: What is the impact of certain businesses on local communities?  
  
This idea was born out of stories that I've heard people tell about my own hometown. There are certain "keystone businesses", so to spreak, that people often mention as having had a large impact on the neighborhood they reside in. I've heard stories that essentially go like this: Neighborhood ABC was essentially dead until business X came along and brought about a cascade of businesses popping up and turning it into the happening place it is today. This idea would center around trying to confirm these stories using data. The strategy would be to access some data that could be used as an index of the health or economic activity in an area. Then the idea would be to compare this index over time and in different neighborhoods to try to figure out if the founding of certain critical businesses has an outsized impact on those neighborhoods. 
