For my capstone, I will look into the the landscape of of data science jobs on the job board Indeed.com. I will focus on two broad questions. First, what skills or characteristics do companies request in their advertisements, and how do these relate to the type of job being advertised (e.g. across different job titles). Second, do skills/characteristics that companies request vary geographically (e.g. across cities). I envision three chategories of potential clients for this type of analysis. First, people like me who are seeking data science jobs could use this information to more effectively design their job search. Second, companies who are advertising for data scientists could use insights from this analysis to design more effective advertisements or advertisement strategies. Finally, companies like Indeed that focus on bringing together companies with applicants could use this analysis to more effectively match applicants with advertised positions. I will use data from online job ads on the website Indeed.com. I will scrape the text of the job descriptions, along with meta data such as job title, company, and city to create my dataset. Once I have the text from these job descriptions, I will use NLP techniques to attempt to extract informative features from the job descriptions and will use these features with supervised and possibly some unsupervised learning techniques to discover what features are informative are associate with differnt job titles and cities. I will produce an analysis report containing figures and text that demostrate the insights that I discover, along with code to produce the report.
